we've opened the doorway to a world we
know nothing about founder and creator
of successfulweightlossschool.com we're
going to go to stop dieting reshape
their bodies and feel wildly loved
okay I was going to attempt to do the
whole toast with this mask on I can't do
it it's really hot in here I love you I
think it would be hilarious
I just can't do it it's too hot way too
hot in there I will dance during the
little dance party that we do at the end
of the video I've danced with the mask
on for you okay so as I fix my hair
really quickly today
halloween is coming right and actually
my birthday is almost coming October
28th autumn is my birthday so I do like
Halloween I think it's really fun and
what happens during Halloween candy
right we're gonna talk about eating too
much candy you shouldn't eat that
much candy yet Halloween there's so much
temptation so the number one thing when
it comes to the candy being in the house
if you gotta get it out you gotta give
that house get it out of the house don't
donate it don't take it to work because
that's enforcing unhealthy habits on
your workmates and you don't want that
just throw it away it's toxic anyway
you're doing people a favor by throwing
it away
you know what I'm saying that like
wasteful food but it's just just a
little square of toxic sugar
well cancer creator spoke throwing it
away is actually a better thing point
the sticky candies those are usually
typically really high in sugar if you're
going to eat some candy then what I
would like to do is eat the little minis
one is good and make sure there's like
nuts or some sort of protein and so
peanut butter and if you are going to
have candy make sure that you are a food
lover if you signed up on the top of my
website on the right hand side for the
weight loss success kit the second
training it there is all about being a
food lover and I am not telling you to
not eat candy at all do that like the
sly ways because that mask I'm not
telling you not to eat candy at all I am
down for you to have a little sugar in
your life that is cool with me but in
moderation okay and making sure that
when you're eating it you are completely
guilt free because I tell my successful
weight loss school students this all the
time is that if you are eating something
while feeling guilt at the same time you
are tripling the calories tripling the
calories you are feeling guilt while you
are eating something so I'm not going to
go into a whole food lover concept if
you are new to me make sure you go up
there and you sign up for that free
weight loss success kit so you can all
learn all about being a food lover and
if you are already on my email list go
and revisit it alright so if you like
this video please like it and share it
this is some good stuff here you know it
Anderson
in a minute you better be joining me hey
don't forget about my free teleclass
that I'm hosting every single month the
successful weight loss system this is my
very own 4 step system that I use with
my paying clients on how to start losing
weight that stays lost go to
successfulweightlossschool.com slash
free and sign up for the next class and
I almost forgot that I'll be giving away
a prize that's valued at over $200